VMWare Otel App Documentation (#4336)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/databases/opentelemetry/cassandra-opentelemetry.md

  1. Copy the yaml to `/etc/otelcol-sumo/conf.d/` folder for the Cassandra instance which needs to be monitored.
  2. Restart the collector using:
    ```sh

>    sudo systemctl restart otelcol-sumo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sudo systemctl restart otelcol-sumo
```

  INFO [ScheduledTasks:1] 2023-01-08 09:18:47,347 StatusLogger.java:101 - system.schema_aggregates
```

## Sample queries 

> Following is the query from Cassandra App's overview Dashboard's Nodes Up Panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is a query from the Cassandra app's **Cassandra - Overview** dashboard Nodes Up panel:
```
